my name is Michele Dietrich and I'm a
makeup artist I've done makeup on a lot
of celebrities Pam Anderson when your
last Lenny Kravitz Cynthia Nixon there's
a big misconception that I could never
do that look on the runway and you
absolutely can't everybody can and
you'll play to your best attributes and
I can show you how to do that I think
that you can find references for ideas
that will help create your signature
style everywhere often people will bring
in pictures of haircuts that they like
or decide what hair color they're going
to be by other examples and I feel that
people don't do that enough with makeup
because when you are creating a
signature style something that you're
going to wear every single day that
works like clockwork for you and it's
fast and easy if you have to run out the
door then that's something that you need
to keep in mind and what can help create
that is just being aware of your
environment and noticing things and how
what did I like about how that woman's
lips looked or her eyelashes look
amazing I'm going to ask her what
mascara she used or you know pulling the
clippings from magazines or newspapers
and tips that will make you unique
because you are already but to create
your quick easy everyday style that you
can throw on at the drop of hat but also
that you can turn into other glam looks
and trend looks and special event looks
but that will always be your starting
point so if you're at a thrift store
maybe I loved from stores
I found the coolest vintage Hollywood
black-and-white book the other day for
dollar fifty and so I've been looking
through it and the makeup is so cool in
it it's really inspiring so I bought it
you can do whatever you want with it so
it only cost a dollar fifty if you're
reading the newspaper and you
see you know a picture of a celebrity
like pull it up you're reading a fashion
magazine and you see something on the
runway that you just like the mood of it
doesn't happen necessarily have to be
makeup it could be a picture of art or
interior design or a color scheme that
you like and that mood that is created
within you is what you want to capture
because that's what you want to show to
other people so that mood that you're
sending out is what you want to gather
so that you know and have a clear idea
about how you want to present yourself
whether it be makeup or otherwise